Update `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#5799)
gradio-app/gradio: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Gradio

> ![GitHub issues by-label](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/gradio-app/gradio/good%20first%20issue?color=fe7c01&link=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fgradio-app%2Fgradio%2Fissues%3Fq%3Dis%253Aopen%2Bis%253Aissue%2Blabel%253A%2522good%2Bfirst%2Bissue%2522)

Reviewer: Nice

bash scripts/build_frontend.sh
```

-  Install development requirements

> (Note that it is highly recommended to use a virtual environment running **Python 3.9** since the versions are pinned)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Note that it is highly recommended to use a virtual environment running **Python 3.9** since the versions of the dependencies are pinned)
```

```
bash scripts/install_test_requirements.sh
```

If you have a different Python version and conflicting packages during the installation, please first run:

```
bash scripts/create_test_requirements.sh
```

### 📦 Using dev containers

> You can alternatively use dev containers. This is supported on all platforms (macOS/Windows/Linux).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can alternatively use dev containers. This is supported on all platforms (macOS/Windows/Linux), as well as on GitHub CodeSpaces.
```

Steps:

- Clone repository
- Open it in your editor
- For VS Code, execute `Dev Containers: Reopen in container` command

For detailed instructions, please see the [Dev Containers tutorial](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/tutorial).

> ### 🧱 Structure of the Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🧱 Structure of the Repository
```

If you're a newcomer to Gradio, we recommend getting familiar with the overall structure of the repository so that you can focus on the part of the source code you'd like to contribute to.

- `/gradio`: contains the Python source code for the library
  - `/gradio/interface.py`: contains the Python source code for the core `Interface` class
  - `/gradio/blocks.py`: contains the Python source code for the core `Blocks` class

>   - `/gradio/components.py`: contains the Python source code for the `components`, you can add your custom components here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `/gradio/components/`: the directory that contains the Python source code for all of the Gradio components
```

- `/js`: contains the HTML/JS/CSS source code for the library ([start here for frontend changes](/js/README.md))
- `/test`: contains Python unit tests for the library
- `/demo`: contains demos that are used in the documentation, you can find `Gradio` examples over here.
- `/website`: contains the code for the Gradio website (www.gradio.app). See the README in the `/website` folder for more details

> - To develop the frontend app, you should also follow [js/README.md](js/README.md).

Reviewer: Maybe we should move the relevant sections to CONTRIBUTING.md? Its easier on users if they don't have to go back and forth two readmes

> ### 🚀 Run a Gradio app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🚀 Run a Gradio app
```

You can get started by creating an `app.py` file in the root:

```
import gradio as gr

with gr.Blocks() as demo:
   gr.Button()
    
if __name__ == "__main__":
   demo.launch()
```

then run:

```
gradio app.py
```

> This will start the backend server in reload mode, which will watch for changes in the `gradio` folder and reload the app if changes are made.

Reviewer: Should we add that this by default, Gradio will launch on port 7860?

If you're making frontend changes, start the frontend server:

```
pnpm dev
```

> Any changes to the frontend will also reload automatically in the browser. 

Reviewer: Should we add that this launches a separate browser tab running on port 9876 by default, which loads the backend from 7860?

We also have demos of all our components in the `/gradio/demo` directory. To get our simple gradio Chatbot running locally:

```

> gradio demo/chatbot_simple run.py

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gradio demo/chatbot_simple/run.py
```

```

> ### 🧪 Testing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🧪 Testing
```

We use Pytest, Playwright and Vitest to test our code. 

> - To run all Python tests:

Reviewer: It might be good to remind developers that these are the tests in `test/`

```
bash scripts/run_all_tests.sh
```

> - To run the frontend unit tests:

Reviewer: It would be good to mention that these are the "test.ts" files

```
pnpm test
```

> - To run the browser tests:

Reviewer: Likewise it would be good to mention which files these are contained in

```
pnpm test:browser
```

To build the frontend code before running browser tests:

```

> pnpm test:browser

Reviewer: `pnpm dev` I think

```

You can also run browser tests in the UI mode by adding the `--ui` flag: 

```
pnpm test:browser --ui
```

If you have made any significant visual changes to a component, we encourage you to add a new Storybook story or amend an existing one to reflect them. You can create a new story with a `*.stories.svelte` file. 

> #### 🕸️ Gradio Website

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 🕸️ Gradio Website
```
